# Calling constructors
+ Two key point to note about the constructor 
	+ The name of constructor matches the name of the class
	+ There is no return type
+ The purpose of a constructor is to initialize fields
This is constructor.
```java
public class Chick { 
	public Chick() {
		System.out.println("in constructor");
	} 
}
```
Not a constructor BECAUSE THIS HAS RETURN TYPE 
```java
public class Chick {
public void Chick() { } // NOT A CONSTRUCTOR 
}
```
+ There are 2 ways to initialize field
	+ Initialize on line 
	+ Initialize in constructor
```java
public class Chicken {

int numEggs = 12; // initialize on line String name;

public Chicken() {

name = "Duke"; // initialize in constructor }

}
```
**==Note 1==**
>Some classes provide built-in methods that allow you to create new instances without using a constructor or the new keyword. For example, in Chapter 5, “Core Java APIs,” you’ll create instances of Integer using the valueOf() method. Methods like this will often use new with a constructor in their method definition. For the exam, remember that anytime a constructor is used, the new keyword is required.

**==Note 2==**
>For most classes, you don’t have to code a constructor—the compiler will supply a “do nothing” default constructor for you. There are some scenarios that do require you declare a constructor. You’ll learn all about them in Chapter 8, “Class Design.”
# Reading and Writing Member Fields
+ It's possible to read and write instance variables directly from the "caller".
```java
public class Swan {
int numberEggs; // instance variable
public static void main(String[] args) { // Caller (main method)
	Swan mother = new Swan();
		mother.numberEggs = 1;
		System.out.println(mother.numberEggs); // read variable 
	}
}
```

# Executing Instance Initializer Blocks
+ The code between the braces is called *a code block*
# Following Order of Initialization
